--- 
layout: post 
title: "Fitbit Fixed It" 
date: 2016-09-23 
tags: - life 
published: true 
--- 
Last January I bought myself a Fitbit Charge HR.  &nbsp;This was a nice upgrade from my Fitbit Flex which was very basic.  &nbsp;The Charge gives you a nice display that you can cycle through so you can see the time, your steps, miles, calories, floors, and heart rate.   &nbsp;The Flex would show dots each representing 20 percent to your goal.  &nbsp;That was lame. 

Anyway I have gotten used to the Charge HR and the fact that the first display is the watch.  &nbsp; I haven't worn a watch for a number of years because it was supplanted by my smartphone. &nbsp;  However in August the band near the display bubbled up.  &nbsp;My son had recently shown the same thing had happened to the one I bought him last Christmas.  &nbsp;I decided since it was still operational to just ignore it. &nbsp; But on Wednesday the display gave me a narrow bar.  I thought it needed charging but it didn't really take a charge. &nbsp; I held down the button to reboot and when it came back up it took the charge.  &nbsp; Later in the day the narrow bar came back. &nbsp; I tried to charge it and it appeared it had fully lost its charge from the morning.  &nbsp; That didn't seem right. &nbsp; But after a few minutes it was fully charged.  

So yesterday I took it off the charger and decided to put it on, but alas, it was dead. &nbsp; So dead that it is sitting here completely dark.  &nbsp; Sadness.  &nbsp; So I decided to Google (favorite verb) this and sure enough this has happened to a lot of people.  &nbsp;One link put me to Fitbit support.  &nbsp;After scrolling a short ways I read that it should be under warranty for a year, and yes, there was a link to support. &nbsp; The support page gave a few options such as calling and email but both appeared to be slow methods.  &nbsp;It was clear the correct choice was the chat box. &nbsp; So I selected it and the process was super easy and fast and I was very impressed with the politeness and response of the support person.  &nbsp;Homerun!  &nbsp; I got notice my new Charge HR has been shipped this morning.  &nbsp;   

Good job Fitbit. &nbsp; I see you Have a Charge2 now for sale. &nbsp; Here's hoping you have a more robust second iteration :-) 
